Alright let's take a look at setting a
project Lombok in our little recipe
project. So the first thing that we need
to do is add in the maven dependency. So
I'm going to come over here to the maven
pom and bring that up. And we can see that
this is pretty much untouched since we
brought it down with Spring Boot from
the Spring initializer. And what I like
to do is come down to the bottom just
above the test dependencies when I'm
adding in new dependencies. So we need to
add in a dependency for it
and what we want to do is add in the
artifact lombok. And the groupId is,
projectlombok and now found it. And
notice I am not putting in the diversion
and the project Lombok is supported by
the curated dependencies of the Spring
Boot starter. So we are going to inherit,
just as a reminder, you know
even over using Gradle. Either way, we are
going to be inheriting from the Spring
Boot starter parent and we will get
that in. And IntelliJ is asking me to
import the changes. So that we get project Lombok into our IDE or
environment for the project. And now if I
start using annotations, things are going
to compile okay. And the next thing we need
to do is come up here to settings and we
need to load in the plugin for IntelliJ. So we can come in and say browsing
repositories and search on the project
Lombok plugin. You can see that it's a
pretty popular tool and keeping updated. So
this is something that we want to add in
and I already have it installed. So I
don't need to restart my IDE but this is
something you're going to want to do and
there's also a plugin for Eclipse which
you can install to get the project Lombok
functionality. Without it, methods that
are added by project Lombok probably
will not show up in your IDE and your IDE
will think that you have a compiler error or
coding error. Once you have the plugin
installed, you will get a couple of options
under the refactor. And you can do, let's
see if I can bring this up. Do a refactor
and you can do like default data and
it's going to go in and modify your
class. A very quick way to do
refactoring in a very handy way and we can
undo that and say Delombok and it's
going to refactor it again. So this is
kind of interesting to see here
because we did refactor and you can see
that like here's the equal method and
the hash code that was added, and we also
had a couple other methods. So
this is what happen when we Lombok it and Delombok it in the
refactoring. So a quick way to see the
code that is going to be generated by
project Lombok. And going forward, I'm
going to show you how to Lombok classes
and refactor them manually and we'll
explore some of the other project Lombok
annotations.